Fix Last Post ID Bug (#68)
desmos-labs/desmos: CHANGELOG.md

# Version 0.1.1

> ## Features

Reviewer: I think it's better to rename this `Bug fixes` 

```suggestion
## Bug fixes
```

> - Fixed a bug in `Post` module that made impossible to create a new post due to `Post with ID: "IDnumber" already exists`

Reviewer: I would change this a bit to make it more clear and link the issue too

```suggestion
- Fixed a bug that made impossible to create a new post upon a post edit due to the `Post with ID X already exists` (#64)
```
